Knoton´s Application Watch Guard Version 1.2
Developer: Kenneth Hedman (knoton)
Webpage: http://www.iklartext.com

PURPOSE:
The purpose of this application is to guard choosen applications from going down.
The Watch Guard checks each X seconds that the choosen application is responding.
If it is not responding it has either been shutdown, crashed or has frozen.
First the watch Guard attempts to do a clean shutdown, incase the choosen
application has some savings of settings during shutdown, After that it terminate
the process to be on the safe side. Finally it starts up the application again.
It logs when the applications starts up and goes down.
The timeout for response is variable through settings

It is mainly for System Administrators who has applications running on machines
that absolutely is not allowed to be down for a longer period of time.
But it could benefit anyone who wish to guard a choosen application from going down.

OBSERVERE !
Application Watch Guard only guard Applications started with Watch Guard.
It does not guard applications that are already initiated.

LICENSE:
Application Watch Guard is free for private use.
If it is being used for commercial purposes you must contact me for licensing.
However you are free to try it out for a period of one week.
You can contact me via my webpage above.

HOW TO OPERATE WITH APPLICATION WATCH GUARD:

The Menues:

File:
Start - Starts all choosen applications and guard them, if running, it changes
	caption to Pause. If started the application rest in the systray.

Pause - Pause the guard (Does not shutdown the applications)

Add Watch - Adds a application to the list of the applications to guard over.

Read Log - Shows the log

Exit - Shuts down Application Watch Guard

Settings:
Enable Autostart - if checked the application Watch Guard starts to Guard at start up.
Timeout - Set the timeout for the watch respons time.

Help:
HowTo - Shows this help
Developers Website - Goes to my website

You can remove a choosen application from the guard by marking it and press Delete key.
You can do that regardless if the guard is running or not.
It does not shut down the removed application.
If you wish to shut it down you must do that manually.
